fix installation instructions (#83)
kontena/mortar: README.md

## Installation

### Binaries

> Mortar pre-baked binaries are available for OSX and Linux. You can download them from the release pages. Remember to put it in the path and change the executable bit on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mortar pre-baked binaries are available for OSX and Linux. You can download them from the [releases](https://github.com/kontena/mortar/releases) page. Remember to put it in the path and change the executable bit on.
```
